For the special player that did their best, I wish to tell you a story.



More than a year and a half ago, I had an idea.

Seeing all the excellent content coming from the FNF community and all the possibilities it had, I started to wonder what it would take to make one myself. It couldn’t be that hard.
Looking back now, I realize I was so, so wrong.

It started with a thought: “What do I love?” A simple question, but one that would change the course of my life. Eventually, I thought of one of my favorite games at the time: Doki Doki Literature Club.
There was already an FNF mod like that at the time, two actually. They were classic mods, as I like to call them. You edit none of the code, and use the game files to make your dream a reality.
These two mods did the same thing. One was sadly forgotten to the ever hungry and merciless internet. Seeing this happen to a character I so dearly love was… awful. It was then I decided to take this noble idea they had and do what should of been done in the first place. Bring DDLC and FNF together.

The earliest record I have of FNF X DDLC’s production is a Photoshop file created on Thursday, May the 6th of 2021. In it, I drew out the ideas for the Doki’s. They weren’t anywhere close to what we have here today.
I had been working hard for about a month now. I was mere days away from the first release of FNF X DDLC.
Remember earlier how I mentioned there were two FNF mods that had the same idea? I never told you what happened to the other one, and for good reason. 
The other mod went over the top. It did the same thing the other one did, but better. It provided better art, new UI changes, and to top it off, an original song with it’s own charting. The mod had gotten an update a few weeks ago, adding two more songs, and giving a slight amount more story.
It was July the 12th. A friend of mine sent me news. Those same people I loved for their work had just announced they were doing exactly what I was doing.
I was heartbroken.
I poured all my heart and soul into my work, and for the first time ever, I felt like everything I had been doing up until that moment, every tap of the keyboard, every song written, every stroke I had drawn...

Was nothing.



Looking back now, I realize I was so, so wrong.

I released my mod as quick as I could. In a few days, FNF X DDLC was up.
It got some downloads, but it wasn’t till I requested a comment be removed from my mod page that I skyrocketed.
Late at night, I went to check the page, only to see it had jumped from where it was a few minutes ago to unbelievably high numbers. I had done it.
In the very same night, videos were popping up left and right. The next day, someone had already put the mod online. It didn’t work, but it was amazing to see it nonetheless.

I was down in Florida at the time, enjoying the popularity of my work. One day, I discovered the crowning achievement of all my hard work.
The one and only, Bijuu Mike himself had played my mod. This would be my last true joy as FNF X DDLC started to lose relevance, and the same thing that happened to the first mod happened to mine too.
I was slowly forgotten by the internet.

However, we are far from the end of this story.


I took a break and made another FNF mod. FNF: Dream Diary. It never got far off the ground.
However, the community I made it for thanked me for it, going as far as to say this was the only FNF mod they truly enjoyed.
This mod helped me in a very important way. It taught me how I should of drawn FNF X DDLC in the first place.
Then, about a month or two later, I went back and did what needed to be done in the first place. I made FNF X DDLC into the biggest thank you note I’ve ever made.

Because of FNF X DDLC, I became pals with two amazing people: One a fan of me, the other, I was a fan of them. It’s this power and love that brings people and communities together that is the true measure of how much one can do.
I set out to make FNF X DDLC out of love. Along the way, I lost sight and grew cold, possibly burning bridges I’ll regret burning later.
However, I see now that it’s not about popularity or being first.

It’s about love.


No, that sounds cheesy. That’s what it’s always about: “The power of love!” or some garbage like that.

It’s about you.

DDLC is a wonderful game with a fantastic fan base. It lures you in, then screws with your feelings and mind. None of it ever mattered, and you fall down a well of insanity.
In the end, it leaves you with something that will last your life.

FNF is a funky little game with an… acceptable fan base… But everyone who has ever made any mod of any size and seen it online played by anyone knows what this feeling is.
In the end, it leaves you with something that will last your life.


You changed the world.

In any way, any size, you changed the world, gave someone something to look forward to and enjoy.
Thank you. Thank you all.

Thanks for the support.
Thanks for the love.
Thanks for your friendship.

Thanks for making my dreams a reality.
(Dare I say… My reality?)



Finally, with a tear in my eye, and my heart beating: “DOKI DOKI”, I thank you one more time.

Thank you.


For being a part of my literature club.



Try not to forget us,

	- JJGamer




